PEP 753: Updates (#4010)
python/peps: peps/pep-0753.rst

    "``Change_Log``", "``changelog``"
    "``What's New?``", "``whatsnew``"

If the normalized form of a user-specified label is a
:ref:`well-known label <well-known>` then the metadata producer **SHOULD**
emit the normalized form, but **MAY** choose to emit the un-normalized
form so long as it adheres to the existing 32 character constraint.

If the normalized form is not well-known, then the metadata producer
**MUST NOT** emit the normalized form.

Package indices **SHOULD NOT** use the normalized labels belonging to the set
of well-known labels directly as UI elements (instead replacing them with
appropriately capitalized text labels). Labels not belonging to the well-known
set **MAY** be used directly as UI elements.

Normalization does **not** change pre-existing semantics around duplicated
``Project-URL`` labels. In other words, normalization may result in duplicate

> labels in the project's metadata, but in no manner than was already permitted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
labels in the project's metadata, but only in the same manner that was already permitted
```
